okay so I told you guys that I did this
hair mask it was like a natural hair
mask and I gonna do was made out of
mayonnaise olive oil and honey and egg
so I just explained to you guys how to
do it but if I got a lot of questions
asking how I did it so you can find all
these um object objects all of these
products in your kitchen I found them on
my kitchen bitch
so yeah what you want to do is you want
to gather all these products together
and that's what I've done over here I
have my my pure honey I don't know where
they got this wrong I think it's from my
grandma's house or something but you get
any kind of honey it doesn't matter what
kind of honey is honey is supposed to be
good at good moisturizer for your face
so I figured I mean what if I tried in
my hair will it um will it be good in my
hair so whatever I was screwed in anyway
so after I got the honey I got the olive
oil and this is just um pump a in extra
virgin olive oil and you can it doesn't
matter what brand it is honestly it
really doesn't um I think that any oil
at all would work in your hair you know
so yeah so you have these so far and
then after yeah after I did those two I
did my eggs and it doesn't matter what
eggs it is any kind of egg because an
egg is supposed to be it's supposed to
make your hair shiny at least that's
what it said somewhere I don't know
where it said that but it's supposed to
make your hair shiny and I want to show
you here and Ashley doesn't look like
after but um
and then you want to put in your
mayonnaise okay sleep in your mayonnaise
okay and you any kind of money it
doesn't matter what kind of monies you
want to use okay you can use any type of
monies okay and I decided to use
Hellmann's light mayonnaise all right so
yeah the downside about using mayonnaise
is it's very chunky in the mixture and
it's very hard to make it a cream okay
so um be very careful with that okay
yeah keep saying okay whatever so what
the mayonnaise in there mix it in very
well but it is very very chunky all
right and it's very hard to get those
chunks out it was really hard for me to
get him out so I had to like scuba with
my hand or rub it together and make it
like a make it something rub it together
and it turned into like a a gooey um
yeah so I just put it all into this
pinnable this is exactly ball I used and
I got like a regular spoon one of my
mom's silver spoons and I just mix it I
use my hands as well to get that this
chunky ass mayonnaise out mix it in you
know yeah so I mixed it then I took my
hair and I part of it I'll show you guys
part of it you know see how big my hair
wasn't that one video I mean we're like
so big and poofy not warming itself big
of course but it's a lot less frizzy ER
it's a lot more a lot more calm you know
I think my hair showed out and I think
it's a lot it looks a lot more healthier
this webcam image is not doing my hair
justice it's not a part of my hair you
get any air of a brand like this
what kind and you're gonna start down
here and you get this section you want
to make four sections well I went like
that let start it right here and then I
put the um this up all in my gap or
whatever and I rubbed it in and I twist
it on my hair like this like fit and I
put them another piece did the same
thing with that put it in my scalp flip
it up together but it's it kept doing
that over and over again
and then after I put it all in my hair I
let it sit for about two hours I wasn't
gonna let it sit for two hours at all
that I got distracted because I was on
tumblr and everybody knows I'm talking
on tumblr so you got tumblr distracted
so after you have you know what I spit
in your hair inlets saturate for good
hour or so okay after you let it
saturate for a good you know hour and I
think you you can wash it out you know
someone filming us will wash it with hot
water because I've have scrambled eggs
in my hair but I don't know I don't like
taking cold showers so I got my butt in
the hot ass shower and I washed it out
wash it out really good because you
don't want to be walking around with um
you know mayonnaise in your hair or eggs
or honey or you know olive oil because
the honey is definitely gonna attract
bumblebees and they're gonna have bees
all over your head you're gonna be a bee
head like anymore like I said okay
anyways you know yeah so wash it out
don't put any shampoo in and after I put
in a conditioner after it because I
don't wear my hair smell like that those
products so I put on a conditioner I you
know worked it in wash it out and yeah
that's about it I didn't put anything
else in my hair and this is what it
looks like after and I think it looks a
lot nicer than what I did in my other
video because your saw huh frizzy it was
some people were like oh I like your
hair like that other than that no
it's not a good look and this is a lot
better it looks a lot more sleep it
still has that you know but it's my ass
crazy okay
and also when you put this up in your
hair you want to brush your hair out
first because those make it easier to
get all the chunks and stuff out
afterwards so that was my hair mask
tutorial for all you lovely ladies and
boys who want to moisturize your very
damaged hair and I'm very good and it's
very cheap and I think it works it looks
very well actually and I'm really happy
with the results and I'm probably gonna
do this like once a week or once every
two weeks you know once a week because I
buried right here so yeah I'll be doing
that now on and if you guys have any
other questions just ask me in my ask
box or write any message on here and
I'll be glad to help you with them
alright so good luck